Well since it is hard to dismiss the background the image repeated.
We might as well start with that property and cover the options we have for the values.
But in the process we're also going to touch on something in CSX that is very similar to the last school.
Now remember the last rule would be something like this.
So if I'm going to copy and paste it and if I'm going to say with a div and the height I'm going to
set it to the 200 and let's say color isn't gonna be blue.
What do you think is gonna be displayed.
Do you think the first one or the second one was going to be the second one.
Because this is the last rule.
Well the same works with an order and you'll see what happens here with the property back.
No repeat.
And this is not specific to this property.
This is gonna be happening with all of them.
And you know what.
I might as well show you right now.
So the order is going to work like this that even though let's say I have the height here first or 400
even within the same rule I'm going right here.
Height and two hundred.
What do you think is gonna be displayed.
I think at this moment you already know that this is gonna be two hundred because again the same how
we work with the last rule.
The order also matters.
So if you wrote this first.
This is gonna be displayed but the moment you are going to add the same property with a different value
then obviously this is gonna change because this is gonna be the last in the order.
Again I digress a little bit but I'm gonna be using this as an example so you might as well get used
to it right away.
Okay.
We have a background repeat now what we read the property.
Well surprise surprise this is pretty obvious it will gonna be background repeat.
And that's gonna be the property that will gonna control the repetition of the image.
Now again remember that there's gonna be some things by default.
So if I'm going to write here repeat and then I'm looking for the values.
Notice you're gonna have no repeat repeat repeat x around in space.
So I'm gonna check some of them.
I don't see the point of checking actually all of them but we're gonna start with a very simple one
to repeat.
Now what happens with a repeat on nothing happens when the repeat because it is said by default anyway.
So again something to keep an eye on then the next value.
And this is where the order starts working where I'm not gonna be coming thinking about because I might
as well right the next one because the next one is gonna be affected.
Now in my case I'm going to write not repeat I'm going to use nor repeat.
Check this out.
So what happens now only this image is displayed once.
So if this is hundred by hundred.
Well sorry dude but this is as much as it's going to cover.
Now we can also maybe add some water just to first of all refresh what we already learned so two pixels
solid red.
And the second one just to show you that this is all the space that Dave would have.
But this is how much the background is actually image using.
Okay what do we have next.
We have repeat x.
Now repeat x is just gonna be repeating the image this direction.
And again I know that is kind of hard to see but I will gonna make this bigger the browser window just
to show you that even with the bigger images if the dave is gonna get bigger right now in the x direction
the CSX is gonna repeat the image because as you see there's one image and there's the second one.
Now it was easier to see when the smaller ones because there was 10000 of them but it also is happening
within big images.
So don't think that it's only happening when the small image is by default.
All of them are going to be right away the background repeat and set with the value of repeat what else
we have.
I digress already.
You know what.
I'm just gonna do it simple way to say it then I'm going to repeat this line.
My meaning copy this line and then we're going to repeat x again ten thousand dollars to whoever guesses
this and yes this is gonna be x direction.
So good job whoever you are.
And then we're gonna say y direction again.
Kind of obvious what's gonna be happening.
It's gonna be repeated in the y direction and then we also have the space and round.
So let me copy and paste this.
Let's write space and for the space.
What's gonna happen is that there is gonna be space in between these images can kind of obvious you
can see that there's gonna be space in between whatever images are being repeated.
And the last one is gonna be the round now round is gonna make sure that only round images get in there.
What do I mean by that.
Well if you notice that if you have the repetition if it's not going to be able to fit an image is basically
gonna fit like half an image.
Now in order to show you that let's go to the big one because check this out.
So we have big image but then notice how this is basically like half because not as the basketball post
is going to be right here and then it doesn't cover it completely.
So the hoop doesn't fit in.
Now what do we do here.
Well we're gonna say that we would want to use the same thing that ground.
I okay.
I forgot already.
Background and why I'm typing is background not repeat.
You're looking yeah we are looking for repeat.
What was the value around.
Okay let's start out how this is gonna happen now in this case.
I apologize.
This is gonna fit only one because what happens or I'm sorry too.
So basically by the time it is gonna get bigger if it's gonna be able to fit two then it is gonna fit
nicely to if it's gonna get smaller.
Notice now it's gonna fit only one.
So if I'm gonna get a really big then if there is gonna be space it's gonna fit in.
I don't know.
Let's say three.
But obviously in my case I'm not getting it to three but in the bottom here.
Check this out.
So we have the second image but it is not using the whole thing.
It took an image basically is cut off.
So that's what's happening with the last one which is gonna be again background repeat round.
Now I'm kind of skipping over these ones because in most cases I think you're gonna be using the no
repeat again.
It really matters what you're doing of course again and everything but I think especially in the beginning
you're mostly gonna be focusing on this back on repeat and setting this to no repeat.
I might be wrong but that's just my opinion.